There are two main ways you can utilize the results of your analysis.
One way is to deploy your model to automate tasks.
Those tasks might be serving
an appropriate advertisement to a customer or recommending a movie.
You will learn more about deploying models later in this program.
The second way to utilize the results of an analysis is to communicate
your insights from your data to persuade
others to make a decision or take a certain action.
This will be the focus of your upcoming project.
To communicate with other programmers,
it's important to share your ideas and code.
For this, you can use GitHub.
To communicate with managers and others within your company,
you will need to persuade them with written ideas and visuals.
For this, it is common to use dashboards and emails.
To practice these skills and build your portfolio,
you will be creating a post which we'll do on Medium.